v6.0.0-alpha.6 (#6727)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.0.0-alpha.6

_Nov 3, 2022_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 8 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🎁 Allow non-controlled usage of the calendar components (#6643) @flaviendelangle

  ```tsx
  <DateCalendar defaultValue={dayjs()} />
  <MonthCalendar defaultValue={dayjs()} />
  <YearCalendar defaultValue={dayjs()} />
  ```

- 🌍 Add Ukrainian (uk-UA) locale to pickers (#6661) @Dufran
- 📚 Documentation improvements
- 🐞 Bugfixes

### `@mui/x-data-grid@v6.0.0-alpha.6` / `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@v6.0.0-alpha.6` / `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@v6.0.0-alpha.6`

#### Breaking changes

> - The `disableIgnoreModificationsIfProcessingProps` prop was removed and its behavior when `true` was incorporated as the default behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `disableIgnoreModificationsIfProcessingProps` prop has been removed and its behavior when `true` is incorporated as the default behavior.
```

  The old behavior can be restored by using `apiRef.current.stopRowEditMode({ ignoreModifications: true })` or `apiRef.current.stopCellEditMode({ ignoreModifications: true })`.

#### Changes

- [DataGrid] Add `rowSelection` prop (#6499) @m4theushw
- [DataGrid] Avoid future regression with React 19 (#6638) @oliviertassinari
- [DataGrid] Refactor `@mui/material` imports to `@mui/utils` (#6569) @LukasTy
- [DataGrid] Remove `disableIgnoreModificationsIfProcessingProps` prop (#6640) @m4theushw
- [DataGrid] Separate private and public `apiRef` properties (#6388) @cherniavskii

### `@mui/x-date-pickers@v6.0.0-alpha.6` / `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@v6.0.0-alpha.6`

#### Changes

- [DateRangePicker] Fix input focused style and mobile behaviour (#6645) @LukasTy
- [fields] Update sections when the locale changes (#6649) @flaviendelangle

> - [pickers] Add Ukrainian (uk-UA) locale on the date picker (#6661) @Dufran

Reviewer 2: 🙈 
```suggestion
- [pickers] Add Ukrainian (uk-UA) locale (#6661) @Dufran
```

- [pickers] Allow non-controlled usage of the calendar components (#6643) @flaviendelangle

> - [pickers] Export other adapters derived from moment or date-fns (#6571) @alexfauquette

Author: I propose to add a warning when using an adapter directly from date-io in the next release and to advertise about this change then, not this week
